# README
# Here are the instructions for creating a Pipeline in Azure

## Step 1: Logging into Microsoft Azure Portal
Visit the [Azure Portal](https://login.microsoftonline.com/organizations/oauth2/v2.0/authorize?client_id=8e0e8db5-b713-4e91-98e6-470fed0aa4c2&response_type=code%20id_token&scope=openid%20profile&state=OpenIdConnect.AuthenticationProperties%3DX6HflknqpQ9Rz9BE6WDdPf63zubJhSMbgpQbwMzab6ZGFzkPVsenUtfBphvPpQb79pUTz70aQuRERpTvhJ-qNi96m0HAk14EatmGLLThIq9lj9QHYnuzrVJnRlkK3rVrfb_j4Yo9IkoIUmMHyvecCTpDwV0ZjZx6ZWDezeItq68mCEYvU8_dYmkFYzWxRJXfffPoLGsqk1cwdk8si-_pIEMbG04fQGnwD11S_bsZ0exf2M0hu2lvODBU68bFFmxESGLnF4k30afYhTezNOWAo7NFrB1ka7dZ1di8RVL4rM8xWdNXIW6gZVgAqLdMc3Kyh5AMidWfUC_ikjFV_8l3v4jMCaKqNwtgkA3uzh7CiZDNEo7CR3Hw_aK_MQMlJYg4D3bVHdjU_VbKmyayq93NjgvGNV5FrLMLMBF3YkrLsqQ-Lw2PrPxJiCkOoS5VVjHfKJvO6tGFwcMgHABdZESziRToH-6L-cE8PnIWaa1KbyI&response_mode=form_post&nonce=638453466168436112.MjY2OWM4N2QtY2YxZS00ZWQ5LWEyYWMtOTRjZDRlMWI3NGE2N2FhODMyYTItNzNkNS00ZTg3LWFmYTYtZGViZDNhZWViZThl&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fsignup.azure.com%2Fapi%2Fuser%2Flogin&max_age=86400&post_logout_redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fsignup.azure.com%2Fsignup%3Foffer%3Dms-azr-0044p%26appId%3D102%26ref%3D%26redirectURL%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fazure.microsoft.com%2Fget-started%2Fwelcome-to-azure%2F%26l%3Den-us%26srcurl%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fazure.microsoft.com%2Ffree&x-client-SKU=ID_NET472&x-client-ver=6.34.0.0) login site. Once you're there, you can login with your Microsoft Account or GitHub Account. If you don't have an account, [create one](https://signup.live.com/signup?sru=https%3a%2f%2flogin.live.com%2foauth20_authorize.srf%3flc%3d1033%26client_id%3d51483342-085c-4d86-bf88-cf50c7252078%26cobrandid%3d788a943c-8e34-4c0a-9c83-1e4ef0322879%26mkt%3dEN-US%26opid%3d3EA7709F52B70C19%26opidt%3d1709749831%26uaid%3d7bef474f156b4cd78c07e0f554279ac6%26contextid%3d2BAF8C255A9D4A1B%26opignore%3d1&mkt=EN-US&uiflavor=web&lw=1&fl=easi2&cobrandid=788a943c-8e34-4c0a-9c83-1e4ef0322879&client_id=51483342-085c-4d86-bf88-cf50c7252078&uaid=7bef474f156b4cd78c07e0f554279ac6&suc=8e0e8db5-b713-4e91-98e6-470fed0aa4c2&lic=1).

## Step 2: Creating a Resource Group
Once you are in the Azure Portal, go to the top and click on the search bar and type in resource groups. Click on the first option. Once you're in the Resource groups page, click on the Create button to the left. Make sure to select your Azure Subscription and name your Resource group. After that click on the white Review + create button on the bottom left.

## Step 3: Creating a Container Registry
Click back on the search bar and type in container registry. Click on the first option. Now that we're in the page, click on the Create button, which is on the left side of the screen. Once again, choose the subscription and resource group. After that, choose a Registry name. Once you have chosen your name, go to the bottom where it says "Pricing plan". Make sure to select Basic. After that, click on the blue Review + create button on the bottom left.

## Step 4: Logging into Azure DevOps
Visit the [Azure DevOps](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwj02qWXn-CEAxVZ4ckDHf4cA4gQFnoECBEQAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Faex.dev.azure.com%2F&usg=AOvVaw2AXOivxL9pU4DLElYv2Tjc&opi=89978449) login site. Once you're there, you can login with your Microsoft Account or GitHub Account that you used for the Azure Portal.

## Step 5: Create a Project
Once you're on the website, click on the blue "New project" button. After that, choose a project name, enter in a description(optional), and choose the public visibility.

## Step 6: Import the GitHub Repository
Now that the project has been created, look on the left hand side and choose Repos, which has an orange symbol next to it. When you're in Repos, there will be a section called "Import a repository". Click the import button. Input this Clone Url: https://github.com/sliem77/resume-builder . The Repository Information is now inside of your Project.

## Step 7: Creating the Pipeline
Click on your project and look on the left hand side of the screen and choose Pipelines. Pipelines has a blue spaceship symbol. When you're in Pipelines, click on the blue "Create Pipeline" button. Choose the first option "Azure Repos Git". You will be led to a "Select a repository", make sure to click the first option. When you are in the "Configure" stage, choose the option "Existing Azure Pipelines YAML file". Once you're there, choose the path that says azure-pipelines.yml. Click on the continue button at the bottom right corner. Click on the "Variables" button which is to the left of the blue "Run" button. Click on "New variable". For the name, type in "OPENAI_API_KEY". For the value, type in your OpenAI API Key and MAKE SURE THAT YOU CHECKED THE BOX "Keep this value secret". THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, SO MAKE SURE ITS DONE. If you don't have one, please refer to the "README - Using the Résumé Builder.md" file. After this, click on the "OK" button on the bottom right. After that, hit the "Run" button. You will be led to a new page where everything is running. Wait for the everything under "Build stage" to have a check on the left side to it.

## Step 8: Hosting the Azure Website
Go back to the Azure Portal and click on the "Search" Button to the top of the screen. Type in App Services and click on the first one. Now you are on the App Services page, click on the "+ Create" button to the leftof the screen underneath the "App Services" title. Click on the first option that says "+ Web App". Make sure for resource group click on the blue "Create new" button. Choose a name for the lease was group and click on "OK" right underneath it. After that, choose a name for your web app. Underneath that shows publish make sure to click on "Docker container". After that, click on the Docker tab right next to database on the top of the screen right below the "Create Web App" title. Click on the image source drop-down box and make sure to choose "Azure Container Registry". Below that, select the registry, image, and tag boxes below the "Azure container registry options". Click on the blue "Review + create" button on the bottom of the screen. After that so once again for "App services", Wait for a few minutes and then hit the refresh button right next to manage view. After that, your website should pop up. Click on it, and copy your website, which is shown underneath default domain. Your web services should look like this: *APPNAME*.azurewebsites.net. Paste it into a new tab and wait for a few minutes for the résumé builder to launch. Once it has been launched, you're good to go!

# That's it! That's all you need for launching the résumé builder in Azure!